Create pull_request_template.md (#10)
uw-ssec/python-project-template: .github/pull_request_template.md

Thank you for your contribution to the repo. Before submitting this PR, please make sure of the following:

## Change Description (or Root Cause)

> - [] Link to the PR you are addressing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Link to the PR you are addressing
```

Reviewer: Please fix the checkbox syntax

Thank you for your contribution to the repo. Before submitting this PR, please make sure of the following:

> ## Bug Description (or Root Cause)
> - [] <link _to_the_issue_that_the_PR_fixes>

Reviewer 2: I suggest making the language more general so that it encompasses any type of change (e.g. feature work)
```suggestion
## Change Description (or Root Cause)
- [] <link _to_the_issue_that_the_PR_addresses>
```

## Solution Description
- [] Explain the technical solution you have provided and how it fixes the issue case

> - [] Provide a list of external packages/dependencies used in your solution

Reviewer 2: Wouldn't the external dependencies show up in the diffs? E.g. `requirements.txt/pyproject.toml/conda.yml`, `go.mod`, `packages.json`, etc?

Author: That makes sense! I will eliminate that check.

## Code Quality
- [] Your code builds clean without any errors or warnings
- [] Your code contains relevant comments and necessary documentation

> - [] You are using approved terminology

Reviewer 2: What constitutes approved terminology? I think I would have a hard time answering this question without more context

Author: I was just thinking about industry-standard terminology and notations. This shouldn't be a problem for us, but I was thinking about the case where an undergrad or junior dev is contributing.

Reviewer 2: Right, I guess that's my concern. If I'm a junior dev, how would I know if I'm using approved terminology? I wonder if this can be removed from the checklist and then covered through the code review.

Author: Gotcha! I will just delete it for now, and if we have any issues with it, then we can deal with it on a case by case basis.

## Covered unit test cases/E2E (End-to-End) test cases
- [] You have added unit tests and/or E2E test cases recorded for this fix

> - [] Provide a list of the test packages/dependencies used

Reviewer 2: similar question as above regarding dependencies

Author: Makes sense. I will eliminate this checklist item as well.
